we introduce a unique shooting tank
virtual reality format battles
and this is a rather unique event because
that no one in the world has ever shot a tank
battle virtual reality format in
360 format
it was not easy because we have to
solve a bunch of technical issues right away
which are layered on creative
problems here the camera takes off right away
panoramic 360 degrees
maximally everything around the camera is
everything is all visible but all this must
be on very very small
distance very close
stone is not necessary to provide
all filming space all this
perimeter pad
all that is more
than 30 meters it's all not visible
ordinary goupro which are located
in a certain order in a certain
position this allows the distance between
lenses to make minimal if
there were big cameras we would not do this
could
and, accordingly, no installation of all
the scene should be happening here start before
end in real time
drove
we hang the cameras under the quadrocopter
this whole thing flies and to
compensate then cut
quadrocopter can see that on top
one more dust
which then gives us the opportunity
footage video with sky glue flying
Quadcopter on top for now
There are several ways to watch videos
virtual reality format and the most
the perfect best way is
Naturally a year later in my hands
now the easiest
virtual reality helmet which I
again on the development of google google
cardboard
which consists of cardboard 2 lenses
liner for smartphone with correct
selected focal length to the lenses
with correct lenses
This is the best way because you can
insert the smartphone and look like this
almost like oculus rift only much
more affordable